in the middle of the fight shit real
niggas poked out you could see me feel
my love life you can see me for my love
white in the middle of the fight save me
real niggas poke out you would see me
full amount of light you can send you to
a mile away in the middle of a fake shit
real niggas poked out you can see me
from a mile away yeah we held on with
that girl bout all my niggas got the
side drain get money little big I see
Tracy used to drop me off now spongy out
a little bit racks by the park bitch all
my niggas had to blow no love for a punk
bitch hitting dogs by later stop I don't
work for five all of me just for me I
needed Lisa Ozzy going hard to pay up
city i'ma get it how i live on me nigga
in the middle little pig shit real
niggas poked out you will see me for a
long fight you could see me from a mile
away in the middle of the fight shit
real niggas poke out you see me for my
love
you could see me throw malafide cartoon
later here we cut a bruise way up in a
hug and a little clip Dubray go bang
bang go get me thanks for the day to
head but she's whipping yeah minute
gotta call chapter with your name in the
rap game don't tell feeling name big bad
cause and all this killing from the bay
rep go to state in a raid me Jane all
these wheels nigga I repeat man cream
cups are real big but to cash a is
colicky 40 will you get up in the goat
don't get no real break checkers if we
play chess when it come to the street
shit on the best in the middle little
friend shit real niggas pump out you
save me from a mile away you can save me
from a mile on fire in the middle of the
plate shit real niggas poke out you see
me from my love
you can save me from a mile away out of
tail got the price up now I got a phat
house hey Dad see a golf course that was
waving when I minute now got a few for
this turf flow I place in the backyard
Hall of Famers living next door oh my
goons out alone go cross-country quit
email gonna pin lady City New York I'm
is set the fall we all never follow
trends send out she put the world in my
hand I just want to smash for the stacks
up so I could feel good when a red door
you could miss me with the bullshit
getting money when I Mentos in the
middle of a bitch shit real niggas poked
out you see me from a lullaby you can
save me from a mile of right in the
middle of the fight sadly real niggas
popped out you can save me from a mile
away you could send me for a mile away
pull up in all white go like fucking
with these are money is all I know yeah
Meneses no it's okay well I midnight say
yes my liquor will I mean I sadness but
I midnight shit yes but became a mission
my sonica niggas gonna stupid put
clipping a gun blazing back no places
when I say I like it more stupid my
nigga get my niggas awareness and niggas
pretenders gas real bear witness on
Linden wheelies wishes guess you left
fuck that bitch and if I nigga come
tripping on my dump that clip ah gonna
fuck that bitch in it but nigga come
tripping on my doctor clip
pull up in an all-white go like hell
fucking with you are white house money
is all I know mushroom about though
yelling fuck this weekend it but this
bug deadly deadly William fuck ashley
hopping out the hall white goes with a
must be pretty cold white hope you make
it match so I had to hit him with a boss
fight blow this is all I know you guys
you want to ride like you man she heard
a nigga got that bomb like a text like I
never had this get a hijack a little of
it you need a back bitch I just like the
way you got suckered you got me counting
blow and now she's a bailout is let my
girl Megan and ninjaclap if it's a head
no doubt nigga don't be mad when we drop
as we clown it's been a minute better
from waiting if I gotta get things right
let niggas angel so you can't wait out
pull up in all right go myself fucking
with these are white house money is all
I know they might rule about no yelling
footsteps oh yeah we get it but this
bugs and really fuck nicely we're gonna
fuck especially yeah we yeah we can
assess your we get Nessus know you're
not sick fuck
Fox I am hippy hippy I am original
original box I'm weird as I can never be
original I meant to be middle finger
banging in your grill that the Tennessee
I'm Bill Cosby American comedian arms in
the form of Fox oh hey